README.md, before:

<img align="left" width="320" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120828538-ee438e80-c55c-11eb-873e-6e81807a357b.png" />
<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />

### ViRe is an open-source VR mocap studio built in Unity

<img align="left" width="420" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120828443-d1a75680-c55c-11eb-98a9-0e1a459c6636.png" />
<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />
ViRe can be used for anyone who wants to record motion, but cannot afford a huge and expensive motion capture studio. <br />
All you need is a simple VR Setup. ViRe runs on top of OpenXR, an asset to support all kinds of VR Headsets. <br /><br />

We made a video to showcase and explain ViRe. Simply click on the YouTube logo to watch it.
<br /><br />
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfnD7U9Bu2g" target="_blank">
  <img width="220" border="0" align="left"  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120836631-11bf0700-c566-11eb-97ea-256f208d2e3f.png"/>
</a>
<br /><br />

### ViRe definitely works with the following headsets <br /> 
<img align="left" width="64" alt="HTC Vive" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120832445-f4d40500-c560-11eb-8290-f46a808628af.png" />
<img align="left" width="64" alt="Valve Index" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120832666-32d12900-c561-11eb-8c3a-7cdb1ea80ca3.jpg" />
<img align="left" width="64" alt="Oculus" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120832780-52685180-c561-11eb-907b-ddf6ef20c5c8.png" />
<br /> <br /> <br /> 
It very well may run with other headsets as well, but we can't guarantee it (yet). If it works on an unlisted headset, do tell us. <br />

### ViRe is currently in the Alpha
It supports the tracking of the headset and both hand controllers. We are working on support for additional body trackers, and for every place you do not have a tracker, procedural bone movement will help out.

### Support ViRe

If you'd like to help develop ViRe, feel free to download the open-source project, fork it and send us a pull request to update ViRe.

You can also support ViRe by donating on [Patreon] 

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/tracklab" target="_blank">
  <img alt="Patreon Link" width="128" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120834315-24840c80-c563-11eb-8329-646b633ffe3b.png">
</a>

[Patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/tracklab

### Talk to us

If you have questions about ViRe, got feature suggestions or just want to talk to us directly, you can join our Discord server. </br>

<a href="https://discord.gg/8yzVHS7XUF" target="_blank">
  <img width="100" border="0" align="left"  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120851103-ab8faf80-c578-11eb-86d3-c1bdf0c2a6e7.png"/>
</a>
<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />

## Feature development

| Feature                                       | Status        |
| ----------------------------------------------|:-------------:|
| Motion tracking via controllers and headset | ✔ Working  |
| Recording to a BVH file format. Usable in Blender | ✔ Working |
| Spectrator camera | ✔ Working |
| Windows support | ✔ Working |
| VR compatible menu | ✔ Working |
| Motion tracking via Vive trackers | 📝 Planned |
| Procedural leg movement w/o Vive trackers | 📝 Planned |
| Linux support | ⚠ Unknown (see wiki) |

More to come with updates

Licensed under GNU GPL 3.0

Commit message:

README.md updated
Note added that the YT video is slightly outdated.
Note changed that ViRe runs on SteamVR, not OpenXR anymore.
Note added that BVH file format is usable in Blender and other BVH supporting programs.

README.md, after:

<img align="left" width="320" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120828538-ee438e80-c55c-11eb-873e-6e81807a357b.png" />
<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />

### ViRe is an open-source VR mocap studio built in Unity

<img align="left" width="420" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120828443-d1a75680-c55c-11eb-98a9-0e1a459c6636.png" />
<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />
ViRe can be used for anyone who wants to record motion, but cannot afford a huge and expensive motion capture studio. <br />
All you need is a simple VR Setup. ViRe runs on top of SteamVR, the default asset to support all kinds of VR Headsets. <br /><br />

We made a video to showcase and explain ViRe. Simply click on the YouTube logo to watch it. The video is a little outdated compared to ViRes current style, but the general explanations still apply 
<br /><br />
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfnD7U9Bu2g" target="_blank">
  <img width="220" border="0" align="left"  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120836631-11bf0700-c566-11eb-97ea-256f208d2e3f.png"/>
</a>
<br /><br />

### ViRe definitely works with the following headsets <br /> 
<img align="left" width="64" alt="HTC Vive" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120832445-f4d40500-c560-11eb-8290-f46a808628af.png" />
<img align="left" width="64" alt="Valve Index" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120832666-32d12900-c561-11eb-8c3a-7cdb1ea80ca3.jpg" />
<img align="left" width="64" alt="Oculus" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120832780-52685180-c561-11eb-907b-ddf6ef20c5c8.png" />
<br /> <br /> <br /> 
It very well may run with other headsets as well, but we can't guarantee it (yet). If it works on an unlisted headset, do tell us. <br />

### ViRe is currently in the Alpha
It supports the tracking of the headset and both hand controllers. We are working on support for additional body trackers, and for every place you do not have a tracker, procedural bone movement will help out.

### Support ViRe

If you'd like to help develop ViRe, feel free to download the open-source project, fork it and send us a pull request to update ViRe.

You can also support ViRe by donating on [Patreon] 

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/tracklab" target="_blank">
  <img alt="Patreon Link" width="128" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120834315-24840c80-c563-11eb-8329-646b633ffe3b.png">
</a>

[Patreon]: https://www.patreon.com/tracklab

### Talk to us

If you have questions about ViRe, got feature suggestions or just want to talk to us directly, you can join our Discord server. </br>

<a href="https://discord.gg/8yzVHS7XUF" target="_blank">
  <img width="100" border="0" align="left"  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35671643/120851103-ab8faf80-c578-11eb-86d3-c1bdf0c2a6e7.png"/>
</a>
<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />

## Feature development

| Feature                                       | Status        |
| ----------------------------------------------|:-------------:|
| Motion tracking via controllers and headset | ✔ Working  |
| Recording to a BVH file format. Usable in Blender and other BVH supporting programs | ✔ Working |
| Spectrator camera | ✔ Working |
| Windows support | ✔ Working |
| VR compatible menu | ✔ Working |
| Motion tracking via Vive trackers | 📝 Planned |
| Procedural leg movement w/o Vive trackers | 📝 Planned |
| Linux support | ⚠ Unknown (see wiki) |

More to come with updates

Licensed under GNU GPL 3.0
